
--- Page 1 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

DATED 6 December 2023 
 
 
 

ABU DHABI COMMERCIAL BANK PJSC 
 
 

and 
 
 

 XEBIA MIDDLE EAST SOFTWARE TRADING L.L.C 
 
 
 
 

ADCB Contract Reference: IT-2023-045 
 
 
 

Statement of Work No. IT-2023-045-A 

Referencing MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT – CLOUD DATED 

20 November 2023 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 2 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 

STATEMENT OF WORK No. IT-2023-045-A dated 06 December 2023 to MASTER SERVICES 

AGREEMENT - CLOUD dated 20 November 2023 

 

BETWEEN 

ABU DHABI COMMERCIAL BANK PJSC, having its registered office at the Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank Building, Salam Street, P.O. Box 939, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
(“ADCB”) 

AND 

XEBIA MIDDLE EAST SOFTWARE TRADING L.L.C, a company registered under the laws of 
United Arab Emirates (UAE), having its registered office at TEC, Offices 3, One Central DWTC, 
Dubai, UAE (“Supplier”);  

AND 

Pursuant to a request for proposal titled Touchpoint Loyalty as Service and dated 02 Aug 2023 
ADCB invited proposals for the provision of specific IT services by suitable service providers. 

1. The Parties have agreed that the Supplier shall perform the Services specified in this Statement 

of Work in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this Statement of Work and in 
the Master Services Agreement (IT Services) dated 20 November 2023 together such 
documents comprising the Agreement between the Parties with regard to the subject matter of 
this Statement of Work. 

2. Capitalized terms found in this Statement of Work shall have the meanings defined in the 

Master Services Agreement (IT Services), unless otherwise defined herein.  

 

Statement of Work Effective Date: 15 Dec 2023 

Statement of Work Term: 5 years 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 3 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 

Executed as an Agreement  

 

SIGNED for and on behalf of ABU DHABI 
COMMERCIAL BANK PJSC as represented by 
Mohammed Al Jayyash in his capacity as 
Group Chief Operations Officer: 

Date:         __________________  

Signature 

SIGNED for and on behalf of XEBIA MIDDLE 
EAST SOFTWARE TRADING LLC as 
represented by Mohit Mehta in his capacity as 
Authorised Signatory:                                  

Date:         __________________ 

Signature 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6-May-2024

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D

07-05-24


--- Page 4 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 

 

SCHEDULE 1:  CONTACT DETAILS 

 

[LEFT BLANK]

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 5 Text ---
Executive Summary  
We understand that in 2007, ADCB established a "TouchPoints Rewards Program", the region's first 
bank-wide loyalty programme with a customer-centric approach, which offers highly rewarding 
experience to the customers with loyalty points for all of their interactions with the bank. Customers 
earn TouchPoints for using their debit or credit card, keeping a balance in their CASA account, 
investing, borrowing, utilizing internet services, and so on.  
ADCB has embarked on this initiative to improve customer engagement and increase the Touchpoints 
acceptance across the region with added functionalities such as Touchpoints Redemption, Payments, 
Referrals, and Exchange with other loyalty programs with improved communications / notifications 
thereby leading to better customer experiences. 
Proposal Summary and Solution Tenets: 
Xebia is pleased to submit our proposal to Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank (“ADCB”) to build a Touchpoints mobile app 
to revolutionize customer engagement and loyalty. The 
Touchpoints mobile app will be available for both ADCB and 
non-ADCB customers. It also offers the convenience of making 
instant payments for various purposes such as utility bills, 
donations, and school fees.  
The app enables users to link both ADCB & non-ADCB 
debit/credit cards which can be used to make payments for the 
above-mentioned 
categories. 
The 
user 
can 
transfer 
touchpoints with friends & family available on the loyalty app. 
The loyalty points can also be converted to other loyalty 
programs (Talabat points, Skywards or Etihad miles). 
We envisage to develop a new standalone Touchpoints mobile 
app (iOS, Android & Harmony OS). We propose an innovative 
solution that combines the power of user experience and offers 
a seamless, personalized, and highly rewarding experience, 
ensuring that ADCB’s customers are not only retained but also actively engaged with banking services.  

We are happy to partner with ADCB to meet the objective of enabling these loyalty account owners to 
be able to perform the following activities through our proposed Touchpoints mobile app. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 5) ---
                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                                                                                                                                      1
0                                                                                                                                       Features for MVP1 (only for ADCB customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                       
1   \nRegistration & Login \n \nPayment (Utility, School Fees, Donation) \n \nCredit Card Payment \n \nP2P Transfer \n \nTouchpoint \nExchange \n(Etihad, \nSkywards, Talabat)   \nStatements and Transaction History (TP \nand  Card  payments  on  the  loyalty  app) \nOnly) \n \nPersonalized Merchant List \n \nFAQs \n  Multi-Lingual (English & Arabic) \n \nCard Linking

--- Page 6 Text ---
 
In this regard, Xebia appreciates the opportunity of having a detailed discussion with ADCB 
stakeholders gain better understanding of the requirements and the business objectives (basis which 
Xebia had crafted the scope, shared separately as excel) shared by the ADCB.  
 
Our Banking SMEs and Digital Experts have thoughtfully crafted a solution for ADCB by: 

Admin Portal 
ReactJS 
Flutter 
 
After thorough analysis and considering the strategic objectives of the project, we recommend opting 
for React Native for mobile app development over Flutter. React Native boasts a more mature 
ecosystem, with an abundance of readily available skilled resources. Additionally, it is backed by a 
wealth of proven Xebia accelerators that can expedite the development process. While Flutter is indeed 
a robust framework with its merits, the ease of resource availability and the proven track record of React 
Native in delivering scalable and performance-oriented applications give it a definitive edge for this 
engagement. A final decision may still be taken during the discovery phase. 

 
Banking domain expertise 
 
Scalable & Extensible Architecture 
 
Cloud Native Solution 
 
Proposed technical solution & approach to deliver this project. 
We are excited to partner with ADCB on this initiative and earnestly look forward for an opportunity to 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 6) ---
                                                                                                                           0                              1
0    Offers & Marketing Contents \n \nPreferences/Permissions \n \nContact \nUs(Chatbot, \nEmail, \nCall \ncustomer care)   \nSearch \n \nAdmin Module

--- Table 2 (Page 6) ---
              0                                                                                                                                         1                                                                                                                                                           2
0     Proposing                                                                                                                                  Option 1                                                                                                                                                    Option 2
1    Mobile App  React Native based Mobile App for both \niOS  and  Android.  For  Harmony  OS, \nthere  would  be  a  separate  mobile  app \ndeveloped.  Flutter \nbased \napp \nsupporting \niOS, \nAndroid, \nand \nWeb \nplatforms. \nFor \nHarmony  OS,  Flutter  web  app  would  be \nrendered on a web view.
2  Admin Portal                                                                                                                                   ReactJS                                                                                                                                                     Flutter

--- Page 7 Text ---
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 7) ---
                                                                              0       1       2       3       4       5       6       7       8       9        10       11       12       13       14       15       16       17       18       19       20       21       22       23       24       25       26       27       28       29       30       31       32             33       34       35       36
0                                                                        Month #      M1                              M2                              M3                                  M4                                  M5                                  M6                                  M7                                  M8                             M9 (Warranty)                           
1                                                                  Week starting  Week 1  Week 2  Week 3  Week 4  Week 5  Week 6  Week 7  Week 8  Week 9  Week 10  Week 11  Week 12  Week 13  Week 14  Week 15  Week 16  Week 17  Week 18  Week 19  Week 20  Week 21  Week 22  Week 23  Week 24  Week 25  Week 26  Week 27  Week 28  Week 29  Week 30  Week 31  Week 32        Week 33  Week 34  Week 35  Week 36
2                                       Data Discovery and Requirement Gathering                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
3                                                             Loyalty Mobile App                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
4                                                Data / Application Integrations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
5                                                         MVP 1 (ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
6                                               Solution and Architecture design                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
7                                            Database Design and API Integration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
8   Registration and Login; Customer Informartion & Loyalty Engine \nIntegration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
9                             Credit Card Linking and Biller Payments(Utilities)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
10                                                          Credit Card Payments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
11      P2P Transfer; Touchpoint Exchange/Buy; Transaction History \n/Statements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
12                Other Features (Language, FAQ, Contact Us, Merchant List etc.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
13                                   Infrastructure design and Release pipelines                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
14                                                                   SIT Testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
15                                     MVP 2 (New Features + Non-ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
16                    Requirement Gathering, Registration for NON-ADCB Customers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
17                                                                Refer and Earn                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
18    Gamification; Marketing Offers ; Preferences; Profile \nManagement; Search                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
19                                                  Contact Us - Chat/Email/Call                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
20                                     Credit Card Payments (Non ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
21                                  Development and Deployment of Harmony OS App                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
22                                             Admin Module- Login, Reports etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
23                                                 SIT Testing & Test Automation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
24                                    UAT and Sign Off,  Transition and Handover                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
25                                                     UAT and Solution sign-off                                                                                                                                                                    GO-LIVE                                                                                                     GO-LIVE                                          
26                                                                    Early Care                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
27                         Knowledge Transition and Handover (IT, QA Automation)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

--- Page 8 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
Data Discovery and Requirement Gathering (M1-M2): Spanning over eight weeks, we 
commence the project with a deep dive into data discovery, followed by gathering 
comprehensive requirements to ensure project success. 
 
MVP 1 (ADCB Customers) (M2-M4): Starting from the fifth week of M2 and spanning until 
the end of M4, our primary focus is on creating a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) specifically 
for ADCB customers. 
 
MVP 2 (Including Non-ADCB Customers) (M4-M6): Our attention will then shift towards 
expanding the MVP to encompass non-ADCB customers and additional features for all 
customers. This phase starts from the third week of M4 and culminates by the mid of M7. 
 
UAT and Sign Off, Transition, and Handover (M6, M8): User Acceptance Testing (UAT) is 
crucial. Starting from M5, we plan to engage users in testing, followed by the official sign-off 
for MVP 1. The same exercise happens in M8 for the MVP2 release. The transition and 
handover processes are slated to conclude by the end of M9. 
 
Warranty Period (M9): We understand the importance of post-deployment support. Hence, 
M9 is entirely dedicated as a warranty period, ensuring that any potential hiccups are 
addressed promptly. 
 
Key Notes/Assumptions: 

1. Development Methodology: The end-to-end development will employ the Agile Scrum 

framework. Deliverables will be developed iteratively in sprints, with continuous collaboration 
and communication with ADCB stakeholders. 
2. Project Timeline: The entire project is expected to span 9 months, broken down into distinct 

sprints. A comprehensive project plan will be unveiled upon concluding the requirement 
gathering phase. 
3. Sprint Duration: While each sprint typically lasts between 2 to 3 weeks, the exact duration 

may be adjusted based on the scope and complexity of features to be developed. 
4. Sprint Demonstrations: At the conclusion of each sprint, we will showcase the developed 

functionalities to relevant stakeholders. This ensures transparency and provides an opportunity 
for early feedback. 
5. Change Management: Subsequent to the Discovery Phase, any significant alterations in the 

requirements, be it an addition, modification, or removal, will be governed by a structured 
change management process. 
6. Resource Availability: It is assumed that all necessary ADCB stakeholders, including product 

owners, SMEs (Subject Matter Experts), and user representatives, will be available for 
meetings, clarifications, and UAT as required. 
7. Technical Infrastructure: Access to necessary technical infrastructures, including 

development, testing, and production environments, will be provided in a timely manner. Any 
delays in infrastructure provisioning might impact on the project timeline. 
8. Dependencies: All external dependencies, such as third-party services or APIs, will be 

identified and communicated in advance. Delays in receiving these dependencies can 
potentially affect the project schedule. 
9. Training: If there's a need for specialized training sessions for users or administrators, these 

will be planned and scheduled well in advance to ensure a smooth transition and efficient use 
of the system upon deployment. It's assumed that ADCB will provide suitable participants and 
necessary logistics for these training sessions. 
 

1.1 
Major Timelines 

S. 
No 

Milestone 
Month 

1 
Discovery and Analysis 
End of Month 1 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 9 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
 
1.2  Team Structure 

 
 
 

 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 9) ---
    0                                      1               2
0   2           Architecture Design Sign off  End of Month 2
1   3                  UI/UX Design Sign off  Mid of Month 2
2   4                 Development Kick-start  Mid of Month 2
3   5         Development Completion (MVP 1)  Mid of Month 4
4   6              SIT and UAT Setup (MVP 1)  End of Month 4
5   7         UAT Sign off & Go-Live (MVP 1)  End of Month 5
6   8         Development Completion (MVP 2)  Mid of Month 7
7   9              SIT and UAT Setup (MVP 2)  End of Month 7
8  10         UAT Sign off & Go-Live (MVP 2)  End of Month 8
9  11  MVP2 Warranty & Support (1 + 2 Month)  End of Month 9

--- Page 10 Text ---

--- Table 1 (Page 10) ---
  0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
0                  
1                  
2                  

--- Page 11 Text ---
        
 
 
 

Initiation & Definition Phase 
Xebia’s agile application development process will start with the Initiation & Define Phase. During 
this phase, the scrum team will perform discovery and document the requirements for the 
application for review and signoff by ADCB This phase will involve active participation from 
stakeholders to provide functional and non-functional requirement clarifications and prioritization.  
 
Product Backlog 
A product backlog consisting of a list of features that should be implemented is created.  Based 
on the scope, the Xebia team will document epics\features in the backlog.  We will conduct Joint 
Application Design (JAD) sessions with ADCB stakeholders (program manager, SME) to detail 
out the epics\features into user stories in the project backlog. Every user story will have the 
following artifacts: 

1. A unique ID Requirement details 
2. Wireframes (if applicable) 
3. Acceptance criteria 
4. Priority 
 
The prioritized project backlog will drive the planning and delivery of agile sprint cycles. 
 
Solution Design 
During this phase, the solution architect will create a detailed application design based on the 
functional and non-functional requirements.  
 
Sprint Execution Phase 
This is an iterative process consisting of several sprints to realize the project. 
 
Sprint Planning and Backlog 
A prioritized list jointly by Xebia and ADCB of user stories from the product backlog is moved to 
the sprint backlog. This list consists of user stories that are targeted for completion within the 
current sprint. The number of stories depends on the effort estimates and whether the workload 
can be successfully completed within the sprint window.   
 
Development 
Implementation of the assigned user stories.  The team tracks daily progress on a task board.  
The progress report is available in real-time from the Xebia’s project management tools. 
 
Quality Testing 
The quality control team completes testing completed tasks and logs defects for any failures.  The 
defect reports are available from Xebia’s project management tools. Defects are categorized into 
below severity: 

1. Blocker: Blocker type issues are issues that are blockers as the name depicts. The tester 

will not be able to use the AUT if this type of issue occurs.  
2. Example: Unable to log on to the system. 
3. Critical: This type of issue is critical to the system, and you need to attend to these issues 

as soon as possible. Usually, the tester has a workaround or a quick fix that can be applied 
post-release. 
4. Example: An exception occurring when performing a particular function, (i.e., adding a user 

to the system) 
5. Major: Issues that are important and should be fixed but do not stop the rest of the system 

from functioning.  
6. Example: When adding one record, the same record gets added twice. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 12 Text ---
        
 
 
 

7. Minor: These issues have a relatively minor impact on the product and may need to be fixed 

 
Sprint Demo and User Acceptance 
The result of every sprint is product demonstration. The Scrum team schedules a review and 
demonstrates the results of their work. ADCB stakeholders use the demos as a real-time gauge 
of project progress and can make directional changes if required.   
 
Retrospective and Next Sprint Planning 
Retrospective’s main aim is to discuss the results and determine the ways to improve 
development process for the next step.  
 
Final User Acceptance Phase 
User acceptance testing is conducted at the conclusion of development.  The final user 
acceptance testing will be performed by ADCB project manager and subject matter expert.  
 
User story acceptance criteria that are documented with each user story will be used to validate 
the requirements.  All defects will be logged and presented for fixing. Xebia will ensure all defects 
under severity Blocker\Critical\Major will be fixed before moving the application to production. 
 

2.2 
Project Documentation 
Xebia‘s Technical team analyzed the complexity of the project and strategy for future 
development to come up with following documentation: 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 12) ---
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0 1
0  Stage \nDeliverables \nFunctional & \nDetailed Project Schedule  \n \nRequirements Analysis  \nWork Breakdown Structure  \n \nBusiness  Requirements  Document \n(BRD) \nand \nthe \n \nSoftware Requirements Specification (SRS)  \nProduct Backlogs and Release plans  \n \nData Migration Requirements(If any) \n  
1                                        Design \nDesign Specifications Documents of Software solutions  \n \nApplication Architecture  \n \nDeployment Architecture  \n \nUser Interface Design Specifications  \n \nProduct Priority Backlogs  \n \nIntegration Design Specifications  \n \nDetailed Test Plans  \n  
2                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Development \nUpdated Design Document  \n \nInstalled software  \n \nFunctional Solution \n  
3                                                                                                                                  Testing \nComplete Test Cases  \n \nTest cases and plan  \n \nUser Acceptance Criteria  \n \nAutomated Testing approach \n \nProblem reporting  \n \nProblem resolution testing  \n  
4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Deployment \nKnowledge Transfer and Training plan  \n \nOperations Plan \n  

--- Page 13 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
Solution Support Methodology  
 
Maintenance reports  
 
Log of solution incidents and problems  
 
Log of solution changes  
 
Automated Test Regression packs  
 

2.3 
Project Governance & Communication 
 

Xebia has several Internal groups which continuously provide guidance and conduct project 
audits to ensure project goals are met in a timely manner. The Customer-centric Risk Assessment 
and Governance (CRAG) is a key group responsible for project governance, based on simplicity, 
self-assessment, and mentoring. The process is structured to quickly identify project strengths 
and weaknesses and provide opportunity to impart best-practice advice during the review cycle. 
In effect, the CRAG monitors the progress of the projects, oversees process compliance, 
mediates in identification and mitigation of risks, identifies, and facilitates implementation of best 
practices to improve the organization’s project delivery capabilities. 
Key elements of CRAG: 
1. Risk assessment is conducted by the Program manager using CRAG guidelines and honestly 

2. Project health is reported to key stakeholders and Senior Management by CRAG. 

3. The Account Manager and Senior Management review the health of all projects via a 

4. CRAG conducts regular audits for process improvement and proactive risk identification and 

5. CRAG initiates identification and implementation of best practices, risk mitigation and 

 

2.3.1 
Joint Governance with ADCB 
 
We propose setting up a Joint Governance Council between the Xebia team and ADCB to 
address all aspects of project governance. The Governance Council will work towards the 
appropriate utilization of people, systems, business structures, and practices to optimize project 
results and maximize efficiency, with the goal of providing complete quality assurance to ADCB. 
The Governance Council will consist of three boards. These boards function in a descending 
authoritative control, providing a hierarchical flow of governance: 

Here is a Governance Model that Xebia proposes for this initiative: 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 13) ---
                                    0                                                                                                                                                                                 1
0  Knowledge & Source Code \nTransfer                                             Final Business and Technical Documentation  \n \nStep-by-step guides for setting up the development and \n \ndeployment environment
1               Support & Maintenance  Solution Support Methodology  \n \nMaintenance reports  \n \nLog of solution incidents and problems  \n \nLog of solution changes  \n \nAutomated Test Regression packs  \n

--- Page 14 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
Fig: Xebia’s Joint Governance Model 
The governance framework accommodates ADCB’s business and IT stakeholders. While 
business conditions, organizations, and people change, the fundamental governance roles do 
not.  

2.3.2 
Risk Management 
This process involves identification of project risks and entering these risks into a CARDI log 
(constraints, assumptions, risks, dependencies, and issues) – a document that will be owned 
jointly by Xebia and ADCB teams. Some of the inputs that help identify potential project risks are: 
1. Organization risk database: A database of common risks applicable across projects. 

2. Project documents: As shared by ADCB throughout the duration of the project. 

3. Feedback: Received from ADCB, team members, and other stakeholders, senior 

4. Residual risks: That arise from mitigation action taken on a larger risk. 

Risk Analysis and Prioritization 

Once project risks are identified, the next activity is to evaluate, categorize, and prioritize the 
risks. Project team members meet to review the risks that have been identified.  
1. Evaluation of risk: Each risk in the risk register is evaluated based on probability of 

2. Risk rating: Each risk is assigned a rating based on the probability and impact evaluated. 

3. Owner: An owner is identified and assigned to each risk. 

Risk Reporting and Escalation 
Project risks are shared periodically with the following stakeholders to obtain feedback and to 
plan mitigation: client and project governance team.  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 14) ---
                                0                                         1
0                                                               Probability
1                                                       High \nMedium \nLow
2  Impac\nt \nHigh \nMedium \nLow                      High \nHigh \nMedium
3                                  High \nMedium \nLow \nMedium \nLow \nLow

--- Page 15 Text ---
        
 
 
 

Risk mitigation and contingency plans are identified for each risk with a risk rating of “high” or 
“medium”. The mitigation plan details the steps to be taken to minimize or eliminate the possibility 
of its occurrence. 

Risk Monitoring and Control 
Risks are tracked monthly in the CARDI review meeting. This is to assess if there is any change 
in the status or rating of the risk. Project team members and other relevant stakeholders will 
meet to review the open risks in the risk register and to plan appropriate action. 

2.3.3 
RACI Mechanism 
RACI Definition: 
 Responsible – Team which does the work to complete the task. 
 Accountable – Team that delegates work and is the last one to review the task before it’s 

deemed complete. 
 Consulted – Team which will provide consultation as they can foresee the impact on future 

 
 

 

Legend 
 Green: CL – ADCB 
 Yellow: X – Xebia 
 Orange: X/CL - Shared 
 
 

2.3.4 
Reporting Mechanism 
Xebia believes that the success of this project essentially depends on maintaining effective 
communication including access to the project progress to clients. Recognizing the needs for 
transparency, project management tools, which will be utilized including customized reports as 
required by ADCB will be shared and will be accessible at all times.  
We propose to capture, measure, and report the project’s progress using the metrics below. 
These can be mutually agreed-on/modified before the project initiation, as per the specific 
requirements of ADCB’s stakeholders. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 15) ---
                            0                                                                                   1     2     3   4   5
0                       Teams                                                                      Key Activities     R     A   C   I
1                    Platform                                         # Requirements Planning \n# Program Roadmap     X     X  CL  CL
2  Architecture & \nFramework                                         # Technical Design \n# Architecture Updates     X  X/CL  CL  CL
3                                                     # Prioritization \n# Sequencing and Re-ordering \n# Backlog  X/CL  X/CL  CL  CL
4           Xebia Engineering  # Focus on development and testing \n# Daily Stand-Ups  \n# Deliverables in Squads     X     X  CL  CL

--- Page 16 Text ---
% Of Automation 
Invalid Defects 
Tests Report (incl. coverage vs. KPI, 
resolutions, statistics, trends) 

 
At Xebia, we use many tracking tools and quality programs for robust reporting and tracking of 
the projects. The same can be discussed and agreed with ADCB during Planning Phase. 

2.3.5 
Escalation Management 
During the initial phases of the project, a defined escalation matrix, that is based on different 
areas and levels of escalation, is created and the team ensures that the project stakeholders are 
aware of the escalation process. An Escalation Matrix will be created for the proposed 
engagement and will comprise of the following:  
1. Define decision categories: these can include areas such as finance, staffing, tools, and 

technical features/functionality. 
2. In each category, determine the appropriate path of escalation by functional responsibility. 

Start at the lowest level in the organization, typically an individual contributor. 
3. Define key organizational contributors and their decision-making authority. This can vary 

based on the size and complexity of the project. In some cases, there will be dual 
communication paths (functional and project) to ensure rapid decision-making. 
4. Present to management, and get agreement on the categories, decision authority, and 

1. Strategic Reviews: The Strategic review meetings are conducted to discuss the overall IT 

strategy and keeping the IT teams aligned towards the corporate goals and objectives. 
These meetings will be conducted on a quarterly basis between the Xebia Engagement 
executive and ADCB senior leadership. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 16) ---
                               0              1                                          2
0                           ROLE           NAME                            CONTACT DETAILS
1        ADCB's Project Manager:      Reshmi TS      Reshmi.T@adcb.com  \n(+971-508814250)
2  Supplier's Project \nManager:  Randhir Kumar  randhirkumar@xebia.com \n(+971-553239195)

--- Table 2 (Page 16) ---
                    0                 1
0  Escalation \nLevel              Role
1                 1st  Delivery Manager
2                 2nd   Account Manager
3                 3rd   Executive Board

--- Page 17 Text ---
        
 
 
 

2. Steering Committee Reviews: The project steering committee meetings are conducted to 

ensure tight coordination and compliance with the project schedule and objectives. Project 
risks and issues are discussed, and remedial strategies are defined. These meetings will be 
conducted on a monthly basis between Xebia Delivery Manager and Customer project 
SPOC. 

3. Project Performance Reviews: The performance review meetings are conducted to track 

the project at task levels to ensure successful execution of milestones and deliverables. 
Operational issues and accomplishments are reviewed and discussed. These meetings will 
be conducted on a weekly basis between the Xebia Project Manager and ADCB project 
manager. 

2.5 
Change Management 
Changes in the business dynamics which can be due to some external factors – policy, 
government, market etc. or typical change in functional or tech requirements generate the need 
for a ‘Request for Change’ (RFC). After receiving the changes, the software configuration control 
board (SCCB) approves the changes after assessing and prioritizing the RFCs. All RFCs are 
logged in change register. SCCB will constitute of relevant stakeholders from Xebia & customer 
team/s. 
Xebia follows the below process to address conventional change requests: 

 
Fig: Change Management Workflow 
 
While logging the RFCs, the RFCs can be categorized under major, medium or minor CR 
depending upon the required effort to complete the same. Below is a reference definition to 
categorize the RFCs - 
 
Minor CR – “Any work which can be accomplished between 1- 3 days.” 
Medium sized CR – “Any work which can be completed within a sprint (1-2 weeks).” 
Major sized CR – “Any work that takes longer than a sprint work.” 
 
Xebia team shall propose the initial category of CR, with impact associated, effort, timelines etc. 
for change board review and approval. Based on assessment, the RFC is either accepted or 
rejected. If the RFC is accepted, the information required for processing the ‘major’ change is 
stored in the change register. If an RFC is rejected, a new one can be submitted, if required. 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 18 Text ---
crashes after restart attempts. 
 Operation cannot be 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 18) ---
                                                                                                                                       0       1        2                                                           3                 4                                                                                                                                                     5
0  Resolution / \nPrimary \nDefinition of Severity \nIssue \nResponse \nWorkaround \nKPIs \nContact \nSeverity \nTime \ntime \nMechanism                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
1                                                                                                   P1 \n(Very high \nbusiness \nimpact)  30mins  4 Hours  SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n95% of the \nincidents.  Phone & \nTicket   \nComplete loss of \nservice/system down. \n \nSystem crashes or repeated \ncrashes after restart attempts. \n  Operation cannot be \ncontinued.

--- Page 19 Text ---
DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 19) ---
                                                                                                                                       0        1                  2                                                            3                     4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             5
0  Resolution / \nPrimary \nDefinition of Severity \nIssue \nResponse \nWorkaround \nKPIs \nContact \nSeverity \nTime \ntime \nMechanism                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
1                                                                                                        P2 \n(High \nbusiness \nimpact)  1 Hours   1 Business \nDay   SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n90% of the \nincidents.  Ticket/Phone/ \nMail                                    \nSevere loss of service. \n \nImportant features or \nfunctionality is unavailable \nwith no acceptable \nworkaround. \n  Operations can continue but \nare restricted. \n  Major performance issues.
2                                                                                                      P3 \n(Medium \nbusiness \nimpact)  4 Hours  5 Business \nDays  SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n85 % of the \nincidents.           Ticket/Mail   \nKey functionality is \nunavailable, but a customer \nacceptable workaround exists \nand is being used or the \nunavailable functionality is \nnon-critical. \n \nA small number of users are \naffected, or the users can still \nwork.

--- Page 20 Text ---
        
 
 
 

An integral component of our delivery approach is our commitment to quality assurance. Recognizing 
the importance of efficient and effective regression testing in the evolving dynamics of a system, we 
are planning to design a comprehensive automated regression test suite. This shall be picked up in 
phase 2. 

 

Features and Benefits: 

 Comprehensive Coverage: The test suite will cover all major functionalities, ensuring that 

any changes or minor enhancements do not inadvertently introduce defects in existing 
features. 

 Efficiency: Automated tests can be run frequently and consistently, offering a rapid feedback 

loop to the development team and significantly reducing the time and resources needed for 
manual testing. 

 Reusability: The regression pack will be structured in a modular manner, allowing tests to be 

reused across different scenarios and phases of the project. 

Handover of QA Automation Suite to ADCB QA Team: 

Post go-live, the ownership of this automated regression test suite will be transitioned to the ADCB 
QA team. This handover will ensure that ADCB has all the necessary tools and documentation to 
continue automated regression testing in future cycles independently. Additionally, training sessions 
will be provided to ensure the ADCB QA Team is fully equipped to utilize, maintain, and enhance the 
test suite as needed. Estimated duration will be 3-4 weeks depending on stakeholder availability. 

4 
Warranty and Handover 
 

One month after the final Go-Live, there will be a handover to support. Some knowledge transfer 
and product demos will be consudcted for key business and technical stakehodlers for each of the 
application modules developed.  

 

5 
Key Assumptions and Dependencies 

5.1 
Technical Assumptions 
Xebia has created the enclosed RFP Response and Solution based on the below mentioned 
technical assumptions: 
1. 
The project will be supported on a mobile channel. 
2. 
System will support high-availability architecture. 
3. 
Mobile application to be developed in both English and Arabic. 
4. 
English input data & all Arabic translation for application will be provided by ADCB. 
Application will be delivered in English and Arabic. 
5. 
UI/UX for Arabic and English layout would be provided by ADCB. 
6. 
The scope and final project plan will be derived based on backlog of all requirements during 
Discovery phase. 
7. 
All third-party plugins/APIs/etc. which incur cost will be borne by ADCB. 
8. 
Hardware setup required for hosting and staging the application software setup will be 
provided by ADCB. 
9. 
All required APIs/ web services will be provided by ADCB and ADCB will ensure that 
provided APIs are optimized to meet the requirements of the application. Support from the 
API team whenever necessary should be provided by ADCB. 
10. Any major deviation in scope discovered during discovery phase or other phases will be 

raised as a CR which may have an impact on timelines and/or commercials. The 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 21 Text ---
        
 
 
 

commercials have been derived basis on the functional sheet that has been shared 
separately. Any change in the functional scoping sheet will be considered as CR. 
11. Documents uploaded will be saved in a file server which will be set up, maintained, and 

managed by the client. 
12. Reports in Admin console will be downloaded in the format of XLS or CSV. 
13. Necessary permission to develop accounts to publish the app to be taken care by ADCB. 
14. The notification channels envisaged are through SMS, Email, in-app or push notifications. 
15. Xebia will leverage the existing OTP service of ADCB. 
16. The masters list of utility billers will be maintained in the loyalty engine. Integration with the 

biller aggregator needs to be developed. 
17. The Loyalty app will integrate with ADCB’s  loyalty engine via APIs for Loyalty ID creation, 

statement, offers and earning and burning points. 
18. Offers and promotions will be hosted and provided by ADCB.LAAS application will integrate 

for displaying these offers and promotions.. 
19. Loyalty partners considered are Etihad Miles, Skywards & Talabat. Integration with the same 

is envisioned using REST/SOAP APIs. 
20. We considered Keycloak as the Identity Access Management (IAM) tool for LaaS. Setting 

up of realms and other configurations will be performed by Xebia. 
21. Headless CMS Strapi will be used to store and serve static textual content like templates, 

privacy policy, FAQs etc. and the content will be provided by ADCB. 
22. 3D Secure Authentication for Cards will be done directly in mobile application. 
23. Payment Gateway will be integrated in Mobile Application and Loyalty Engine will maintain 

the Status of payment including Reconciliation. 
24. Loyalty Engine will send the Notification for transaction status e.g., Success or failure. 
25. All the transactions statement for the Customer will be served by Loyalty Engine. 
26. The data will be provided by Engine through API and PDF statement will be generated by 

customer appWe assume all the dedicated flow for each biller would be provided by ADCB 
and that will be orchestrated in Mobile Application. 
27. A list of billers and its categories will be provided by ADCB Biller API. 
28. The cost of Xebia’s Transaction Categorization Engine accelerator is not included and needs 

to be discussed and agreed later. 
29. Data Pipelines from loyalty solution to the ADCB core system will be built by ADCB Bank 
30. SSO capabilities with other banking apps not required. 
31. Loyalty app will be a stand-alone app without any integration with ADCB Mobile banking 

app. 
 
 
5.2 
General Assumptions 
Below mentioned are general assumptions for the overall project: 
1. 
Branding guidelines are provided during the first week of the project kick-off. 
2. 
Assuming that ADCB will be sharing with us the ISO standard processes followed by ADCB 
during the change, release, and deployment management. 
3. 
The static contents for the portal both in English & Arabic should be made available by ADCB 
prior to development. 
4. 
The applications provided in scope will be delivered in “Sprint” of Agile Methodology. 
5. 
All timelines and dates are indicative. Any timeline is dependent on stakeholders fulfilling 
their respective responsibilities. 
6. 
Any delays in delivering the required documentation, providing feedback on Xebia 
deliverables, or resource unavailability will have an impact on the project schedule and cost. 
7. 
The wireframes will be defined during the blueprinting phase. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 22 Text ---
        
 
 
 

8. 
Sign-off / Approval of the deliverables will be signed off by ADCB within the timeline as 
stipulated and mutually agreed in the Implementation Schedule. If sign-off is not received 
from ADCB in the stipulated time, then it will be deemed as accepted by ADCB. 
9. 
As the Merchant QR Code is out of scope, we are assuming that in store redemption of 
touchpoints or payments using the ADCB LaaS app is out of scope. 
10. The warranty provided by us will be hybrid – onshore & offshore support. 
11. For all the environments and the infrastructure (Hardware, Networking), 3rd party Tools will 

be provided by ADCB. 
12. ADCB will provide infrastructure/facilities for Training like Classroom, Projector, Desktop 

/Laptop. 
13. ADCB shall provide Xebia personnel necessary access privileges, system documents, 

manuals, reports, system software, and specification manuals, documentation to the 
external system, and any such information available with ADCB to enable Xebia staff to 
understand the current business and system environment.  
14. Xebia will have timely access to the appropriate business and technical resources of ADCB. 

ADCB SME's will be available for discussion & clarification as and when required. 
15. Any delay in execution of responsibilities by ADCB and other stakeholders e.g., environment 

availability, access, reviews, issue resolution, etc. affecting the execution of the agreed 
project schedule will have implications on the project timeline. 
16. Any development, enhancement, bug fixing of the external system is not in Xebia’s scope.  
17. Availability of ADCB staff for training preparation of User Acceptance Test cases, 

acceptance testing & sign-off of the project as per the agreed project plan. 
18. If the UAT/ production deployment period exceeds the mentioned duration for reasons not 

attributable to Xebia, it will be discussed with ADCB and with the steering committee for 
resolution. 
19. We have considered Blue/Green, Canary, Rolling upgrade as a release capability. 
20. ADCB will provide VPN access to the Development, Test, with production logs  of the 

identified applications in scope as reasonably required by Xebia for its onshore and offshore 
teams during the project lifecycle. 
21. ADCB to help and facilitate coordination with the Network team for modification/queries to 

policies of Router, Firewalls, and other network equipment’s for onsite/offshore connectivity. 
22. We assume that Gamification is only limited to Raffle Draw. Implementation logic will be 

provided by ADCB. Any major change in the game itself or new game development will 
impact timelines and commercials. 
23. Any change in the scope will impact the overall estimation and commercials, as the scope 

in perspective and considered for estimation is the RFP document. Separate Commercials 
& estimation will be submitted in case of deviation to it.  
24. All the above functional flow, sequence and architecture diagrams are representative and 

may change the basis of the discussion during discovery. 
6 
Out of Scope 

1. Data security maintenance and gathering of information (data collection) from each sector 

is considered out of scope. 
2. Any new functionalities apart from the one mentioned in the scope will be considered as 

out of scope. 
3. Load balancing solution, DR solution and infrastructure provisioning is out of the scope of 

proposed solution. 
4. Any development apart from iOS, Android and Harmony OS (Huawei) platform is 

considered out of scope. 
5. User manual will be delivered only in English, hence user manual in Arabic is considered 

out of scope. 
6. Offline capability is not envisioned in any of the scenarios, hence considered as out of 

scope. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 23 Text ---
        
 
 
 

7. Third party direct interactions and communications outside ADCB is out of scope. 
8. Creating, and Translation of Text, branding assets or any documentation other than 

mentioned is considered as out of scope. 
9. Development of web services to integrate with external or third-party systems for data 

extraction is not a part of the scope. 
10. Hosting and maintenance of Infrastructure & Device Inventory Management and 

maintenance during development will be out of the scope of Xebia. 
11. Data migration, post-implementation data migration, and data management will be 

considered as out of scope. 
12. Managing any third-party teams for integration and their systems or any other 

involvements is considered out of our scope. 
13. Security, VAPT, and Performance testing will be out of the scope of Xebia. All observations 

will be discussed, prioritized with ADCB and fixed by Xebia. 
14. Any integration service or front-end view development away from the one mentioned in 

scope will be out of the scope of Xebia. 
15. Physical storage infrastructure for application deployment and database will be out of 

scope of Xebia. 
16. The scope covers only the processes mentioned in the RFP and any other processes 

which are involved would be considered out of scope. 
17. Merchant Portal is considered out of scope. 
18. KYC/AML check during registration on the Touchpoint mobile application is considered 

out of scope. 
19. The Customer Support Portal & Merchant Portal for the Touchpoint mobile application are 

considered out of scope. 
20. Merchant onboarding is considered out of scope. 
21. UAE Pass for user onboarding is considered out of scope. 
22. IVR integration is considered out of scope. 
23. Designing UI/UX screens is considered out of scope. 
24. QR payments and NFC payments are out of scope 
25. Cloud migration is out of scope 
 

6.1 
Scope of Work and Services  
 

 
ADCB intends to develop a new standalone Touchpoints mobile app (iOS and Android, 
Harmony OS) that will allow its customers to make payments via Touchpoints, Touchpoints 
redemption, 
referrals, 
exchange 
with 
other 
loyalty 
programs 
with 
improved 
communications / notifications thereby leading to a better customers experience. The 
detailed scope against all the required features requested by ADCB are listed in an excel 
sheet attached as an annexure with this document. 
 
Detailed scope is enclosed in a separate excel sheet attached with this document. 

Functional%20Scope

_ADCB.xlsx
 
 
Sharing some representative flows against key use cases. 
 
Maintenance and upgrades to the mobile application due to changes in AWS 
infrastructures should be part of AMC and not CR. e.g. Kubernetes removes support for 
docker runtime and there is a change required in the mobile application to keep it running. 
 
 
6.2 
Functional Diagram 
The high-level solution schematics for the scope can be represented as follows: 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 24 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 24) ---
  0
0  
1  
2  

--- Table 2 (Page 24) ---
  0 1 2
0      
1      

--- Page 25 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 Mind Map 
Xebia has done a detailed analysis of the various artefacts presented by the ADCB. In light of the 
available information, business goals & timelines; Xebia has come up with a recommended scope. 

 
 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 26 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
6.3 
Flow Diagrams 
Below we have provided the glimpse of flow diagrams. 
 
(i) 
ADCB Loyalty-Miles Exchange 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 27 Text ---
        
 
 
 

 
(ii) 
ADCB Loyalty-Bill Payment 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 27) ---
  0 1
0    
1    

--- Page 28 Text ---
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
ADCB Loyalty-Bill Payment 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 28) ---
  0 1
0    
1    

--- Page 29 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 29- 

 
 
 
 

(iv) 
ADCB Loyalty-Miles Exchange 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 30 Text ---
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

(v) 
ADCB Loyalty-Bill Payment 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 30) ---
  0 1
0    
1    

--- Page 31 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 31- 

 
 
 
 

6.4 
Sequence Diagram 
We have incorporated a meticulously designed sequence diagram to vividly illustrate the entire process 
of payment for utility services and customer transaction history. 
(i) 
Electricity Bill Payment for a utility service 
A sequence diagram illustrates the process of a customer making an electricity bill payment. 

 
 
 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 32 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 32- 

 
 
 
 

(ii) 
Customer Transactions History 
A sequence diagram illustrates the process of a customer making an electricity bill payment for a utility 
service. 

 
 
 

 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 33 Text ---
crashes after restart attempts. 
 Operation cannot be 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 33) ---
                                                                                                                                       0        1                  2                                                            3                     4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             5
0  Resolution / \nPrimary \nDefinition of Severity \nIssue \nResponse \nWorkaround \nKPIs \nContact \nSeverity \nTime \ntime \nMechanism                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
1                                                                                                   P1 \n(Very high \nbusiness \nimpact)   30mins            4 Hours   SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n95% of the \nincidents.      Phone & \nTicket                                                                                           \nComplete loss of \nservice/system down. \n \nSystem crashes or repeated \ncrashes after restart attempts. \n  Operation cannot be \ncontinued.
2                                                                                                        P2 \n(High \nbusiness \nimpact)  1 Hours   1 Business \nDay   SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n90% of the \nincidents.  Ticket/Phone/ \nMail                                    \nSevere loss of service. \n \nImportant features or \nfunctionality is unavailable \nwith no acceptable \nworkaround. \n  Operations can continue but \nare restricted. \n  Major performance issues.
3                                                                                                      P3 \n(Medium \nbusiness \nimpact)  4 Hours  5 Business \nDays  SLA’s will be \nmet for at least \n85 % of the \nincidents.           Ticket/Mail   \nKey functionality is \nunavailable, but a customer \nacceptable workaround exists \nand is being used or the \nunavailable functionality is \nnon-critical. \n \nA small number of users are \naffected, or the users can still \nwork.

--- Page 34 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 34- 

 
 
 
 

Scope of Support: 

The support encompasses: 

 
Defect Resolution: Addressing and resolving any bugs or issues that arise in the system. 

 
Routine Maintenance: Regularly updating the system, optimizing performance, and 
ensuring that it aligns with the evolving needs of ADCB. 

Benefits of Our Support Model: 

 Predictability: ADCB can anticipate consistent quality of support throughout the engagement 

period. 

 Cost Efficiency: By operating on a fixed capacity model, we eliminate unpredictable support 

costs, ensuring budget stability. 

 Transparency: Any work that goes beyond the designated support capacity is communicated 

clearly, ensuring ADCB is always informed and in control. 

In conclusion, our support model is crafted to provide ADCB with a seamless experience, ensuring 
the system's longevity and relevance while keeping transparency and efficiency at the forefront. 

 

QA Test Automation Suite: 

An integral component of our delivery approach is our commitment to quality assurance. Recognizing 
the importance of efficient and effective regression testing in the evolving dynamics of a system, we 
are planning to design a comprehensive automated regression test suite. This shall be picked up in 
phase 2. 

 

Features and Benefits: 

 Comprehensive Coverage: The test suite will cover all major functionalities, ensuring that 

any changes or minor enhancements do not inadvertently introduce defects in existing 
features. 

 Efficiency: Automated tests can be run frequently and consistently, offering a rapid feedback 

loop to the development team and significantly reducing the time and resources needed for 
manual testing. 

 Reusability: The regression pack will be structured in a modular manner, allowing tests to be 

reused across different scenarios and phases of the project. 

Handover of QA Automation Suite to ADCB QA Team: 

Post go-live, the ownership of this automated regression test suite will be transitioned to the ADCB 
QA team. This handover will ensure that ADCB has all the necessary tools and documentation to 
continue automated regression testing in future cycles independently. Additionally, training sessions 
will be provided to ensure the ADCB QA Team is fully equipped to utilize, maintain, and enhance the 
test suite as needed. Estimated duration will be 3-4 weeks depending on stakeholder availability. 

 

A.4 
Training Services: 

1. Training: If there's a need for specialized training sessions for users or administrators, these 

will be planned and scheduled well in advance to ensure a smooth transition and efficient use 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 35 Text ---
 
 

of the system upon deployment. It's assumed that ADCB will provide suitable participants and 
necessary logistics for these training sessions. 
 
A. 5  
Software: 

1. ADCB shall provide Xebia personnel necessary access privileges, system documents, manuals, 

reports, system software, and specification manuals, documentation to the external system, and any 

such information available with ADCB to enable Xebia staff to understand the current business and 

2. Any required software or products required for Code Repositories, Version Control, CI/CD, Project 

Supplier warrants that it has in effect, and will maintain in effect (including policy renewal if required), 

suitable and sufficient insurance with a reputable insurance company to cover its obligations to ADCB, 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 35) ---
                               0              1                                          2
0                           ROLE           NAME                            CONTACT DETAILS
1        ADCB's Project Manager:      Reshmi TS      Reshmi.T@adcb.com  \n(+971-508814250)
2  Supplier's Project \nManager:  Randhir Kumar  randhirkumar@xebia.com \n(+971-553239195)

--- Page 36 Text ---
 
 

A.1 
CONTRACT PRICE: AED 6,808,169 (AED Six million eight hundred eight thousand one 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 36) ---
                                             0                                                                                         1                     2
0                                  Description                                                                                  Duration  Commercials \nin AED
1  Implementation & Support for \nLAAS Project  5 Yrs. (9 Months of Implementation with \n3 months of warranty and  4 Yrs. of \nSupport)             6,808,169

--- Table 2 (Page 36) ---
       0                                                                         1          2                   3
0  S. No                                                        Payment Milestones  Payment %  Commercials in AED
1      1                                                 Upon Discovery & Analysis        15%             515,828
2      2                                  Development Completion Signoff \n(MVP 1)        15%             515,828
3      3                                                       UAT Signoff (MVP 1)        10%             343,886
4      4                                                      Upon Go-Live (MVP 1)        15%             515,828
5      5                                  Development Completion Signoff \n(MVP 2)        10%             343,886
6      6                                                       UAT Signoff (MVP 2)        10%             343,886
7      7                                                Upon Final Go-Live (MVP 2)        15%             515,828
8      8  Upon Completion of Warranty \nphase of 3 months after GO Live of \nMVP 2        10%             343,886
9                                                                            Total       100%           3,438,856

--- Page 37 Text ---
 
 

II. achieves an average KPI score of less than 97.5% in two (2) consecutive 

III. achieves an average KPI score of less than 99% in any three (3) or more 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 37) ---
       0                                1                 2                       3
0  S. No                        Milestone  Total Fees (AED)  Quarterly Fees \n(AED)
1      1             Support for 1st year           959,188              239,797.00
2      2  Support for years 2, 3 \nand 4.           803,375              200,843.75
3                                   Total         3,369,313                        

--- Table 2 (Page 37) ---
       0                                                   1                        2                        3
0  S. No                                                Role  Onsite \nRate/Man-\nday  Offshore Rate/Man-\nday
1      1  Scrum Master / Delivery Manager / Technical \nLead                 AED2,200                   AED979
2      2                                     Project Manager                 AED2,400                   AED979
3      3                                    Business Analyst                 AED2,200                   AED839
4      4                                    UI/UX Specialist                 AED2,100                   AED839
5      5                                  Solution Architect                 AED2,400                   AED961
6      6                                Full Stack Developer                 AED2,200                   AED891
7      7                                    Mobile Developer                 AED2,200                   AED891
8      8                                       QA Consultant                 AED1,900                   AED839

--- Page 38 Text ---
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 

The applicable SLCs shall be adjusted against the amounts payable by ADCB for the month/s to which 

the SLC applies (and, if applicable, calculated on a pro rata basis), as credits in the invoice issued. If 

no such invoices remain to be issued, the amount of the SLC shall be payable by the Supplier upon 

ADCB’s demand 

B.2  
Termination for failure to meet Service Levels 

The following occurrence of Service Level Credits shall constitute a material breach of the Agreement 

by the Supplier pursuant to Clause Error! Reference source not found. of the Agreement: 

 

 
[Supplier: 

(A) 
becomes liable for Service Level Credits for a KPI score of less than 70% in two (2) 

(B) 
becomes liable for Service Level Credits for a KPI score of less than 70% in any three 

C. 
PENALTIES FOR LATE DELIVERY 

 
LATE PENALTY CALCULATION METHODOLOGY 

IF THE SERVICE PROVIDER FAILS, FOR ANY REASON SOLELY AND DIRECTLY 

ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER, TO DELIVER ANY SERVICE OR 

DELIVERABLE CONTRACTED FOR IN WHOLE OR IN PART AT A TIME LATER THAN THAT 

STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE REPLACEMENT OF ANY REJECTED 

SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES, ADCB RESERVES THE RIGHT TO APPLY A PENALTY OF 

ONE PERCENT (1%) PER WEEK OF THE VALUE OF SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES SO 

DELAYED FOR THE FIRST WEEK OR A PART THEREOF. THEREAFTER THE PENALTY 

WILL BE INCREASED TO TWO PERCENT (2%) PER WEEK FOR EACH SUBSEQUENT 

WEEK OR PART THEREOF, UP TO A MAXIMUM PENALTY OF 10% OF THE VALUE OF 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 38) ---
            0                          1                                                          2
0              Points per Calendar month  Credit applicable  \n(% of Fees (pro rata / per \nmonth))
1  Category 1                       1, 2                                                        20%
2  Category 2                       3, 4                                                        10%
3  Category 3                         5+                                                         0%

--- Page 39 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 39- 

 
 
 
 

SCHEDULE 4: AGREED INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN 

Solution Prerequisites 

 
Please find below prerequisites: 

 
Support and ADCB to provide SME/s (technical & functional) availability throughout the 
engagement as and when required. 
 
Any required software or products required for Code Repositories, Version Control, CI/CD, 
Project Management, Test management will be provided by ADCB. 
 
In case of any of the SMEs belonging to other companies/vendors / 3rd parties barring 
ADCB their presence and support should be ensured during the analysis phase. 
 
All physical access for Xebia employees to the premises should be provided by ADCB 
Response for the clarifications raised by Xebia on various phases of Testing within agreed 
timelines. 
 
Sign-off project plan along with other ADCB stakeholders. 
 
Availability of sign-off and branding guidelines, images, scripts & content for UI/UX at least 
two weeks before the development starts for the respective feature. 
 
All hardware/software devices will be provided by the customer. Any third-party tools/ 
certificates required will be procured and provided by ADCB Valid SSL certificates for all 
environments. 
 
ADCB to provide required port access in the firewall. 
 
ADCB to help and facilitate coordination with Network team for modification/queries to 
policies of Router, Firewalls, and other network equipment for onsite connectivity. 
 
Support for session management across the channels. 
 
Proposed Solution  
 
Xebia proposes Cloud native architecture built using Microservices and container orchestration 
platform. Microservices architecture has following characteristics that help us meet quality attributes 
laid out in the previous section. 

 
Application is developed as a suite of business focussed services that have their own 
independent deployment lifecycle. 

 
Each service can be independently replaced, upgraded, scaled, or deployed. 

 
Lightweight communication model 

 
Right technology for the right job 

 
Facilitates A/B testing and canary deployment of services. 

The services will be built in Java programming language using Spring Boot Microservices 
framework. To reliably run and manage Microservices, as per discussions with ADCB, we shall be 
using the EKS service of AWS. The entire platform shall be on AWS cloud and will follow the principle 
of using managed services as much as possible subject to availability of services in the region.  

Xebia’s Core Engineering & Platform team will ensure that all aspects of design, performance, 
scalability, ease of deployment, and security will be inherent to the proposed solution architecture. 
ADCB’s TouchPoints mobile app will be built with key quality attributes as listed below. 
 
 
Availability: All components should be configured in a high availability configuration to eliminate 
single point of failure and minimize solution outage. 

 
Scalability: Application should be designed to independently scale up and down depending on the 
load.  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 40 Text ---
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
Cloud Ready: Application should be built keeping in mind 12 factor principles. Minimal migration 
effort should be necessary to move application to cloud in future.  

 
Performance: The aggregated page response time shall be strived to conform to the NFRs - To 
be discussed and agreed during the discovery phase 

 
Operability: Digital Platform should support 3 pillars of observability – Log aggregation, monitoring, 
and distributed tracing. 

 
Security: Security controls provide a stable, secure Digital Platform. 

o 
All traffic should be protected in transit. 
o 
Mask or tokenize personally identifiable information (PII) 
o 
Application will keep its client data safe. 
o 
PII data is not logged in clear text by the application. 
o 
Application should be built with secure coding practices. 
o 
Application should support auditability for all transactions. 

 
Maintainability: Application should be built in a modular, reusable, and testable manner to support 
future iterations 
 
 
 

Indicative Technical Architecture 
Below is the diagram representing technical architecture for the ADCB’s Touchpoints mobile app. 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 40) ---
  0 1 2
0      
1      
2      
3      
4      
5      
6      

--- Table 2 (Page 40) ---
  0 1 2 3 4 5
0            
1            
2            
3            
4            
5            

--- Page 41 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 41- 

 
 
 
 

 
Front-end Architecture - React based Mobile & Web App 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 42 Text ---
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 42) ---
  0 1 2 3 4
0          
1          
2          
3          
4          
5          

--- Page 43 Text ---
 
 

 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 43) ---
                                                                                      0 1
0                       AREA \nTECHNOLOGY \nMicroservices \nModern Java and Spring Boot  
1                                                                   Cloud & Infra \nAWS  
2   Mobile Application \nReact Native or Flutter \n(will be discussed during discovery)  
3        Admin Console \nReact JS or Flutter Web \n(will be discussed during discovery)  
4                                                Database \nAurora PostgreSQL or Oracle  
5                Logging platform \nAWS Open Search, Open Search Dashboard, \nFluentBit  
6                               Message Queue \nAmazon MSK (Fully Managed Apache Kafka)  
7                         Kubernetes Platform \nAmazon EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service)  
8                                                                  Service Mesh \nIstio  
9                                                         API Gateway \nAWS API Gateway  
10               Observability \nPrometheus, Grafana, Jaeger, Kiali/Existing APM \ntool  
11                                                          CMS \nStrapi (Headless CMS)  
12                                                          Cache \nElastic Cache Redis  
13                                                                  IAM Tool \nKeycloak  
14                                  Other AWS Service \nAWS Secret Manager, ECR, Lambda  

--- Page 44 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 44- 

 
 
 
 

Heroes –Xebia Accelerators 
The following are the various accelerators that Xebia proposes to leverage for the Touchpoints mobile 
app. 
 
XMS (Xebia microservices) Template 
Xebia has its own Microservices generator that we use to generate starter code for any new 
Microservice. The generated Microservice has best practices baked into it. Some of these practices 
are: 

 
Starter code and package structure 
 
Structured logging 
 
gzipped response 
 
External service connectivity like databases, message queue 
 
Auditing 
 
Prometheus Monitoring 
 
Dockerfile 
 
Database migration scripts 
 
Random ports 
 
Static code analysis using Checkstyle. 
 
Health checks 
 
Distributed tracing 

Starter Kit of Mobile App 

 
Application folder structure setup 
 
Accelerator to create new module inside app structure. 
 
Accelerator to create new widget inside app structure. 
 
Linting rules integration 
 
Pre-commit checks 
 
Payload Encryption 
 
Storybook integration 
 
WebView plugin integration using core plugins. 
 
UI Automation and Analytics friendly framework 
 
The following accelerators will be explored and mutually agreed upon during the discovery phase. 
XCESS 
Most applications we see today require maintenance of a set of Master tables in the database to make 
the application configurable. Creating Restful CRUD APIs for each one of these masters is a time-
consuming process and adds to the overall technical debt of the project. 
Xebia has created an accelerator, Xcess, to automate the process of CRUD API generation for any 
provided set of tables in a database. Currently the following databases are supported: 

 
Postgres and postgres compatible databases 
 
MySQL 
 
SQL Server 
 
Oracle SQL DB 
 
MongoDB 
Xcess has the following advantages as compared to the writing/building the CRUD APIs from scratch: 

1. Increased development velocity as APIs is updated instantly as tables are added/ modified/ 

deleted. 
2. Reduced technical dept by auto generating the CRUD APIs. 
3. Ability to perform cross database joins using the GraphQL API. 
4. Ability to create a REST API on for a custom SQL query. 
5. Feature to change or modify database connection string without having to restart the service. 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 45 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 45- 

 
 
 
 

XASSURE: 
In-general, we leverage test management tools such as Jira and ALM for test management activities. 
In addition, we have our own in-house tool XASSURE - An Intelligent testing platform which has a test 
manager component. Key Features: 

 
Executive Metrics Dashboards – Drill down dashboards from portfolio view of multiple 
applications to individual test case level trend aligned to a specific application maintained 
across releases. 
 
Portfolio Management – Allows our customers to on-board multiple applications, staff and 
environment for centralized control. 
 
Test Environment Management – User can setup test environment for execution which can 
be selected at time of script execution. 
 
Test Suite Management – Create test suites containing test cases from different applications 
for an end-to-end user flow or different technologies within same application. Test suite once 
created are available to everyone in the team. 
 
Test Result Analysis – Test results at test case and test step level post execution. Test 
Engineers can filter test results based on status and share their analysis based on test 
failures in addition to storing root cause for failure. 
 
Integrations: It can also integrate well with popular test management tools like JIRA 
 
Heroes – Transaction Categorization Engine – Powered by Gen AI (Accelerator) 
Xebia proposes Transaction Categorization Engine to analyze and categorize the loyalty transactions 
for the customer in real time. It will give the understanding to the customer on the context of the 
transaction while adding derived attributes like Merchant Name, Category, Location and much more. 
Key functionalities of our accelerator include: 
Real-time Classification - Our engine uses real-time streaming platforms to enable real-time 
classification of transactions and supports batch mode categorization as well. 
Comprehensive Categorization - Apart from deriving the type of categories, it also derives the 
merchant’s name, purpose (category) and location of the transaction. 
Embedded Generative AI - The use of large language models (LLM) widens our categorization 
coverage and solves cold start problems across multiple geographies, thus enabling faster adoption.  
Contextual Recommendations - A better understanding of the context and patterns in users' 
transactions helps recommendation systems to generate personalized recommendations for financial 
products, services, or offers.   
Category Adaptive to Your Needs - You can easily customize and refine the category and its 
granularities according to your needs and preferences. 
Reversal and Refund Transaction Linkage - Linking reversal and refund with the original 
transactions based on transaction pattern simplifies tracking of money movement. 
We would like to discuss on this accelerator and commercials involved during the discovery. 
 

 
 
Please click Xebia’s Transaction Categorization Engine 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 46 Text ---
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 46) ---
                                                                              0       1       2       3       4       5       6       7       8       9        10       11       12       13       14       15       16       17       18       19       20       21       22       23       24       25       26       27       28       29       30       31       32             33       34       35       36
0                                                                        Month #      M1                              M2                              M3                                  M4                                  M5                                  M6                                  M7                                  M8                             M9 (Warranty)                           
1                                                                  Week starting  Week 1  Week 2  Week 3  Week 4  Week 5  Week 6  Week 7  Week 8  Week 9  Week 10  Week 11  Week 12  Week 13  Week 14  Week 15  Week 16  Week 17  Week 18  Week 19  Week 20  Week 21  Week 22  Week 23  Week 24  Week 25  Week 26  Week 27  Week 28  Week 29  Week 30  Week 31  Week 32        Week 33  Week 34  Week 35  Week 36
2                                       Data Discovery and Requirement Gathering                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
3                                                             Loyalty Mobile App                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
4                                                Data / Application Integrations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
5                                                         MVP 1 (ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
6                                               Solution and Architecture design                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
7                                            Database Design and API Integration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
8   Registration and Login; Customer Informartion & Loyalty Engine \nIntegration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
9                             Credit Card Linking and Biller Payments(Utilities)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
10                                                          Credit Card Payments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
11      P2P Transfer; Touchpoint Exchange/Buy; Transaction History \n/Statements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
12                Other Features (Language, FAQ, Contact Us, Merchant List etc.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
13                                   Infrastructure design and Release pipelines                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
14                                                                   SIT Testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
15                                     MVP 2 (New Features + Non-ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
16                    Requirement Gathering, Registration for NON-ADCB Customers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
17                                                                Refer and Earn                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
18    Gamification; Marketing Offers ; Preferences; Profile \nManagement; Search                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
19                                                  Contact Us - Chat/Email/Call                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
20                                     Credit Card Payments (Non ADCB Customers)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
21                                  Development and Deployment of Harmony OS App                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
22                                             Admin Module- Login, Reports etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
23                                                 SIT Testing & Test Automation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
24                                    UAT and Sign Off,  Transition and Handover                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
25                                                     UAT and Solution sign-off                                                                                                                                                                    GO-LIVE                                                                                                     GO-LIVE                                          
26                                                                    Early Care                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
27                         Knowledge Transition and Handover (IT, QA Automation)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

--- Page 47 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 47- 

 
 
 
 

for MVP 1. The same exercise happens in M8 for the MVP2 release. The transition and 
handover processes are slated to conclude by the end of M9. 
 
Warranty Period (M9): We understand the importance of post-deployment support. Hence, 
M9 is entirely dedicated as a warranty period, ensuring that any potential hiccups are 
addressed promptly. 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 48 Text ---
 
 

Testing will be performed in Agile (Scrum) model, a practice that promotes continuous iteration of 
development and testing throughout the software development lifecycle of the project. Both 
development and testing activities concurrent. 

Test Items: 
 
Mobile Testing (iOS & Android) (UI + Functional) – English Language & Integration testing. 
 
Testing will be performed: 

Entry Criteria 
● 
All Regression testing is completed. 
● 
All identified Critical & Major defects have been resolved. 
● 
Test cases for UAT have been defined / developed by Client. 
Exit Criteria 
● 
All identified User Acceptance test cases have been run. 
● 
All identified Critical & Major defects have been resolved. 
● 
Pass rate for all levels are: 
- 99% (Pass test cases/Total test cases) 
- No high/medium test cases ailed or un-executed 
● 
-Exceptional(Medium or Minor) bugs can be exist. 
 
 
System Testing Entry / Exit: 
Dedicated QA env. with stable code build Testcases ready for execution 
No failures in sanity testing  
 
UI and Functional Testing Entry / Exit: 
The Requirement Specification document is defined and approved 
Test Cases have been prepared 
Test data has been created 
The environment for testing is ready, all the tools that are required are available and ready Designs 
are ready and approved  
 
System Integration Testing Entry / Exit: 
All necessary integration test cases have been prepared. 
The test data has been created. 
Developed modules and components unit testing has been completed.  
 
Regression Testing Entry / Exit: 
Regression Test Suite 
Execution of all priorities testcases No P1 defects  
Measures and Metrics: 
Test Execution and Progress Manual  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 48) ---
                                                           0       1
0                                               Testing Type    Mode
1  UI & Functional(ST, SIT, Regression)  Manual + Automation        
2                                       UAT Support by Xebia  Manual

--- Table 2 (Page 48) ---
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0
0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Entry Criteria
1                                                                                                                                             All Regression testing is completed. \n● \nAll identified Critical & Major defects have been resolved. \n● \nTest cases for UAT have been defined / developed by Client. \n●
2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Exit Criteria
3  All identified User Acceptance test cases have been run. \n● \nAll identified Critical & Major defects have been resolved. \n● \nPass rate for all levels are: \n● \n- 99% (Pass test cases/Total test cases) \n- No high/medium test cases ailed or un-executed \n-Exceptional(Medium or Minor) bugs can be exist. \n●

--- Page 49 Text ---
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

Number of Tests Cases Executed v. Test Cases Planned Number of Test Cases Passed, Failed and 
Blocked Defects (by Severity) 
Weighted Defect Density / Feature / test case  
 
 
Tech Stack:  
 
API & Integration Testing: 
 

Tech Stack 
Name 
API Automation tool 
Rest Assured 
Programming language 
Java 
Bug Tracking tool 
Jira 
Test Management tool 
Zephyr Scale 
Version Control tool 
Github 
 
Mobile Application automation:  
 

Tech Stack 
Name 
Mobile Automation tool (IOS and Android) 
Appium 
Programming language 
Java 
Bug Tracking tool 
Jira 
Test Management tool 
Zephyr Scale 
Version Control tool 
Github 
Cloud Device Platform 
Browser Stack 
 

Software Requirement from ADCB: 

Github 
Automation 
Yes 
Jira 
Bug Tracking 
Yes 
Zephyr Scale/Xray 
Test Management 
Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 49) ---
                                                                                        0                                    1
0                                                                              Tech Stack                                 Name
1                                                                     API Automation tool                         Rest Assured
2  Programming language \nBug Tracking tool \nTest Management tool \nVersion Control tool  Java \nJira \nZephyr Scale \nGithub

--- Table 2 (Page 49) ---
                                                                                                                                                           0                                                             1
0                                                                                                                                                 Tech Stack                                                          Name
1  Mobile Automation tool (IOS and Android) \nProgramming language \nBug Tracking tool \nTest Management tool \nVersion Control tool \nCloud Device Platform  Appium \nJava \nJira \nZephyr Scale \nGithub \nBrowser Stack

--- Table 3 (Page 49) ---
                                                                                                     0                                                                                                                                                       1                                                                                                 2
0                                                                                       Software/Tools                                                                                                                                               What for?                                                                                      Paid License
1  Java \nSelenium \nPostman \nAppium \nRestAssured \nBrowserstack \nGithub \nJira \nZephyr Scale/Xray  Automation \nAutomation \nAPI Manual \nMobile Automation \nAPI Automation \nMobile Automation & \nManual \nAutomation \nBug Tracking \nTest Management  Not Required \nNot Required \nNot Required \nNot Required \nNot Required \nYes \nYes \nYes \nYes

--- Page 50 Text ---
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
Defect Workflow and Management:  
 

 
 
 
 
All Defects are categorized based on JIRA Priority Severity Level  
 

● 
Severity indicates the possible urgency and impact of the defect based on in-scope 
requirements. 
● 
Defects resolution order will be based on the “Priority Severity Level”.  
 
 

 
 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Table 1 (Page 50) ---
                                            0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1                                                                                                      2
0  JIRA Priority [Field] Severity Level Grid:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
1                                       Level                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Description                                                                                                Example
2                                1 \nCritical                                                                         Prevents forward progression in all primary paths \nfor a critical flow, and there is no work-around.  \nSevere usability problems, the loss or corruption of \ndata.                                                        - Unable to register/signup \n- Unable to login
3                                   2 \nMajor  Prevents forward progress in some flows; primary \nflow unusable or inaccessible, however alternate \nflow or work-around may be available for UI issues \nthat prevent the execution of a critical flow such as \nnoted in Blocker examples                                 - Virtual card is not displaying \n- User data displayed is incorrect.
4                                  3 \nMedium                                                                                      Unmet requirement  criteria; User Interface [UI] \nissues that make app content illegible or functional \nelements unusable; issues with product imagery  - Search button doesn't work when \nthe user presses "enter", works \ncorrectly when taps the button.
5                                   4 \nMinor                                                                               Minor UI-related alignment issues or non-product \nimage issues. May include minor functional defects, \nor defects that only occur under extreme edge \ncases.                               - button not aligned correctly on a \nparticular device/platform version

--- Page 51 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 51- 

 
 
 
 

 

SCHEDULE 7: EXIT MANAGEMENT PLAN 

Complete Handover inclusive of a  knowledge transfer phase, document handover, any hardware 
device handover and revocation of access will be done in case either party decides to terminate or not 
renew the contract at the end of expiry. 

A more detailed handover plan will be published in case such a situation arises. 
 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D


--- Page 52 Text ---
 
 

 
 

- 52- 

 
 
 
 

SCHEDULE 8: SERVICES GUARANTEE 

Not Applicable  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 29AABD0F-6ADE-4E43-AF07-33A5481BE97D

